My proudest achievement in product development would be my experience during our Software Engineering Course. We were a team of 10 students having different potentials (teams were built based on pointers, 2 people with 8+ pointer, 2 people with 7-8 pointer, 3 people with 6-7 pointer, 3 people with <6 pointer). 
The project duration was 4 months and our task was to build a product as per the requirements of the client.
 
Initially we were tasked with selecting a team manager and I was appointed as the Team and Project Manager for the project by my team members.
We came in contact with a client who was situated 300 Kms away from us and the project was to build a platform for hiring blue collar services. 
The client had very strict requirements and our assigment was to build the following three products as part of the project:
1. Web platform for customers to hire blue collar services
2. Android application for the worker to time his work and provide billing information.

Apart from this, the client stressed on submitting the following documents during the course of the project:
1. Software Requirements Specification Document (SRS)
2. Software Development Life cycle Document (SDLC)
3. User Manual to use the Web platform
4. Minutes of Meetings

Apart from being the Project Manager, I was also part of the team which developed the Android Application. I learnt about building User Interfaces with Android, using REST API from our PHP backend and testing with Android Studio.

More than the Android Application Development, I learnt about team building and project management. 
It was very tough to handle people who don't want to contribute. I had to sit with them on a regular basis so that I can make sure that they are working and can deliver their work on time.
My team consisted of two people who had a big fight earlier and hence not talk pleasantly with each other, One was part of the Web Development Team and other was part of the Testing Team. I made sure that despite their rivalry, the web development team submits their code to testing team on time.

We faced many setbacks like when we fell behind on schedule due to college exams, when the client asked us to make several iterations to Software Requirements Specification Document and our course instructor spend time as a team to study COCOMO model.

Despite these setbacks, we were able to complete the project and get the Software Acceptance Letter from the client.

This was my first experience with Project Management and I 